# Next Steps for Milestone 5, Due Wednesday May 29 @ 12pm

> By the time you turn in this milestone, your app should be nearly finalized. The last few days of the quarter should be used to complete your final project write-up and fix any remaining bugs before your final demo.

### Sadeem 
Implementing the ability to delete a field would be useful in our app. If the user is on `index.html` there should be a button next to the field name that allows the user to remove the field from the app. Additionally, if the user is on `field.html`, he should be able to remove or update the planting for that field. Remember, the _fieldId_ can be found in the URL of the page you are on. Use that when you are making API calls
(directly copied from last milestone)

### Brandon
Create a sign up page, style it, make `server.js` serve the page when making a **GET** request, reference this code here
```javascript
// when a user goes to localhost:8000/field the server will send field.html
app.get('/field', (req,res) => {     
    res.sendFile(__dirname + '/' + 'field.html')
})
```
Create a database that will store user, pass, uniqueID, you can reference the code here: https://github.com/pgbovine/COGS121/blob/master/petsapp-v2/create_database.js

Then, store user and password into a sqlite table, something like that can get done with a __POST__ request, reference the code here
```javascript
app.post('/users', (req, res) => {
  console.log(req.body);

  db.run(
    'INSERT INTO users_to_pets VALUES ($name, $job, $pet)',
    // parameters to SQL query:
    {
      $name: req.body.name,
      $job: req.body.job,
      $pet: req.body.pet,
    },
    // callback function to run when the query finishes:
    (err) => {
      if (err) {
        res.send({message: 'error in app.post(/users)'});
      } else {
        res.send({message: 'successfully run app.post(/users)'});
      }
    }
  );
});
```

### Christian
Get the fine tuning done on `field.html` such as making the charts perfect, give it the eye-candy it deserves. Additionally, work with `addCrop.html` make its appearence more in line with what we've got going on. 

### Richard
I will adjust all the API calls to support users, either by prefixing every request with the uniqueID or username, haven't decided on that design question yet.